README.md, before:

passport-pubkey-challenge
=========================

**The strategy is not implemented yet**

Passport strategy for pubkey auth - successful decryption of an encrypted challenge demonstrates ownership of a public key


    GET /auth/gpg/start/5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6
    Create and securely store
      challenge = {
        timestamp: new Date().valueOf(),
        secret: crypto.random(),
        fingerprint: '5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6', 
      }

    Or use a mem cache:
      challenges = {
        _5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6: {
          timestamp: new Date().valueOf(),
          secret: crypto.random(),
        }
      };

    Send response to auth request:
      <ciphertext encrypted to the key matching this fingerprint>
        the plaintext:
        https://server.tld/auth/gpg/callback?challenge=some-crypto-random-number&fingerprint=asdf

    GET /auth/gpg/callback?challenge=correct-number&fingerprint=asdf
    fetch user associated with this fingerprint; passport.callback(user);

    GET /auth/gpg/callback?challenge=wrong-number
    404

Commit message:

further explanation of challenge response

README.md, after:

passport-pubkey-challenge
=========================

**The strategy is not implemented yet**

Passport strategy for pubkey auth - successful decryption of an encrypted challenge demonstrates ownership of a public key


    GET /auth/gpg/start/5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6
    Create and securely store
      challenge = {
        timestamp: new Date().valueOf(),
        secret: crypto.random(),
        fingerprint: '5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6', 
      }

    Or use a mem cache:
      challenges = {
        _5FC25A1E41602E3F99D8090381898844A1BF37D6: {
          timestamp: new Date().valueOf(),
          secret: crypto.random(),
        }
      };

    Send response to auth request:
      <ciphertext encrypted to the key matching this fingerprint>
        the plaintext:
        https://server.tld/auth/gpg/callback?challenge=some-crypto-random-number&fingerprint=asdf

    If the user successfully decrypts the encrypted challenge, they make an HTTP
    request to the URL inside. Since the challenge should be unguessable, this
    is proof of identity (proof of ownership of this pubkey)

    GET /auth/gpg/callback?challenge=correct-number&fingerprint=asdf
    fetch user associated with this fingerprint; passport.callback(user);

    GET /auth/gpg/callback?challenge=wrong-number
    404
